Convert GPT-NeoX to HuggingFace (#34)
VHellendoorn/Code-LMs: Convert2HF/README.md

# Convert to HuggingFace
This directory contains a script `convert_neox_pt_to_huggingface_neox.py` to convert PolyCoder checkpoints trained by [gpt-neox](https://github.com/EleutherAI/gpt-neox) into HuggingFace format, and a script `generate.py` to load the converted model and generate code from a given prompt.

> 

Reviewer: Credit where credit is due :)
```suggestion
Shoutout to @NinedayWang for implementing this!

```

## Environment
transformers 4.23.1

## Convert

> The script `convert.sh` is an example of converting a 0.4B parameter model to HuggingFace format:

Reviewer: How about this to emphasize how you can use the shell script. Note that this is contingent on making the model size a parameter, as suggested below.
```suggestion
You can use the `convert.sh` script to convert specified model to the HuggingFace format, using `./convert.sh 0-4B` (or pass a different model size). This script in turn invokes `convert_neox_pt_to_huggingface_neox.py`, which you can also call directly as follows:
```
